c:\users\francisco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LOL10MINUTES\LOL10MINUTES\bin\Debug\LOL10MINUTES.exe.config
c:\users\francisco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LOL10MINUTES\LOL10MINUTES\bin\Debug\LOL10MINUTES.exe
c:\users\francisco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LOL10MINUTES\LOL10MINUTES\bin\Debug\LOL10MINUTES.pdb
c:\users\francisco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LOL10MINUTES\LOL10MINUTES\obj\Debug\LOL10MINUTES.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\francisco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LOL10MINUTES\LOL10MINUTES\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\francisco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LOL10MINUTES\LOL10MINUTES\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\francisco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LOL10MINUTES\LOL10MINUTES\obj\Debug\LOL10MINUTES_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\francisco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LOL10MINUTES\LOL10MINUTES\obj\Debug\LOL10MINUTES_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\francisco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LOL10MINUTES\LOL10MINUTES\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\francisco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LOL10MINUTES\LOL10MINUTES\obj\Debug\LOL10MINUTES.g.resources
c:\users\francisco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LOL10MINUTES\LOL10MINUTES\obj\Debug\LOL10MINUTES.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\francisco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LOL10MINUTES\LOL10MINUTES\obj\Debug\LOL10MINUTES.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\francisco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LOL10MINUTES\LOL10MINUTES\obj\Debug\LOL10MINUTES.exe
c:\users\francisco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LOL10MINUTES\LOL10MINUTES\obj\Debug\LOL10MINUTES.pdb
c:\users\francisco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LOL10MINUTES\LOL10MINUTES\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
c:\users\francisco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LOL10MINUTES\LOL10MINUTES\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\francisco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LOL10MINUTES\LOL10MINUTES\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
c:\users\francisco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LOL10MINUTES\LOL10MINUTES\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\Francisco\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\LOL10MINUTES\LOL10MINUTES\obj\Debug\preview.g.cs
C:\Users\Francisco\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\LOL10MINUTES\LOL10MINUTES\obj\Debug\preview.baml
C:\Users\Francisco\Documents\GitHub\LOL10MINUTES-SOURCE\LOL10MINUTES\bin\Debug\LOL10MINUTES.exe.config
C:\Users\Francisco\Documents\GitHub\LOL10MINUTES-SOURCE\LOL10MINUTES\obj\Debug\LOL10MINUTES.exe
C:\Users\Francisco\Documents\GitHub\LOL10MINUTES-SOURCE\LOL10MINUTES\obj\Debug\LOL10MINUTES.pdb
C:\Users\Francisco\Documents\GitHub\LOL10MINUTES-SOURCE\LOL10MINUTES\bin\Debug\LOL10MINUTES.exe
C:\Users\Francisco\Documents\GitHub\LOL10MINUTES-SOURCE\LOL10MINUTES\bin\Debug\LOL10MINUTES.pdb
C:\Users\Francisco\Documents\GitHub\LOL10MINUTES-SOURCE\LOL10MINUTES\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
C:\Users\Francisco\Documents\GitHub\LOL10MINUTES-SOURCE\LOL10MINUTES\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
C:\Users\Francisco\Documents\GitHub\LOL10MINUTES-SOURCE\LOL10MINUTES\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
C:\Users\Francisco\Documents\GitHub\LOL10MINUTES-SOURCE\LOL10MINUTES\obj\Debug\LOL10MINUTES.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Francisco\Documents\GitHub\LOL10MINUTES-SOURCE\LOL10MINUTES\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Francisco\Documents\GitHub\LOL10MINUTES-SOURCE\LOL10MINUTES\obj\Debug\preview.g.cs
C:\Users\Francisco\Documents\GitHub\LOL10MINUTES-SOURCE\LOL10MINUTES\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Francisco\Documents\GitHub\LOL10MINUTES-SOURCE\LOL10MINUTES\obj\Debug\LOL10MINUTES_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Francisco\Documents\GitHub\LOL10MINUTES-SOURCE\LOL10MINUTES\obj\Debug\LOL10MINUTES_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\Francisco\Documents\GitHub\LOL10MINUTES-SOURCE\LOL10MINUTES\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\Francisco\Documents\GitHub\LOL10MINUTES-SOURCE\LOL10MINUTES\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\Francisco\Documents\GitHub\LOL10MINUTES-SOURCE\LOL10MINUTES\obj\Debug\preview.baml
C:\Users\Francisco\Documents\GitHub\LOL10MINUTES-SOURCE\LOL10MINUTES\obj\Debug\LOL10MINUTES.g.resources
C:\Users\Francisco\Documents\GitHub\LOL10MINUTES-SOURCE\LOL10MINUTES\obj\Debug\LOL10MINUTES.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Francisco\Documents\GitHub\LOL10MINUTES-SOURCE\LOL10MINUTES\obj\Debug\LOL10MINUTES.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Francisco\Documents\GitHub\LOL10MINUTES-SOURCE\LOL10MINUTES\obj\Debug\AddHudWindow.baml
C:\Users\Francisco\Documents\GitHub\LOL10MINUTES-SOURCE\LOL10MINUTES\obj\Debug\AddHudWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Francisco\Documents\GitHub\LOL10MINUTES-SOURCE\LOL10MINUTES\obj\Debug\LolNexus.baml
C:\Users\Francisco\Documents\GitHub\LOL10MINUTES-SOURCE\LOL10MINUTES\obj\Debug\LolNexus.g.cs
C:\Users\Francisco\Documents\GitHub\LOL10MINUTES-SOURCE\LOL10MINUTES\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Francisco\Documents\GitHub\LOL10MINUTES-SOURCE\LOL10MINUTES\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Francisco\Documents\GitHub\LOL10MINUTES-SOURCE\LOL10MINUTES\bin\Debug\System.Json.dll
C:\Users\Francisco\Documents\GitHub\LOL10MINUTES-SOURCE\LOL10MINUTES\bin\Debug\System.Json.xml
C:\Users\Francisco\Documents\GitHub\LOL10MINUTES-SOURCE\LOL10MINUTES\bin\Debug\Yunan.WPF.ImageAnim.dll
C:\Users\Francisco\Desktop\LOL10MINUTES-SOURCE-master\LOL10MINUTES\bin\Debug\LOL10MINUTES.exe.config
C:\Users\Francisco\Desktop\LOL10MINUTES-SOURCE-master\LOL10MINUTES\obj\Debug\LOL10MINUTES.exe
C:\Users\Francisco\Desktop\LOL10MINUTES-SOURCE-master\LOL10MINUTES\obj\Debug\LOL10MINUTES.pdb
C:\Users\Francisco\Desktop\LOL10MINUTES-SOURCE-master\LOL10MINUTES\obj\Debug\LOL10MINUTES.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Francisco\Desktop\LOL10MINUTES-SOURCE-master\LOL10MINUTES\obj\Debug\AddHudWindow.baml
C:\Users\Francisco\Desktop\LOL10MINUTES-SOURCE-master\LOL10MINUTES\obj\Debug\LolNexus.baml
C:\Users\Francisco\Desktop\LOL10MINUTES-SOURCE-master\LOL10MINUTES\obj\Debug\AddHudWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Francisco\Desktop\LOL10MINUTES-SOURCE-master\LOL10MINUTES\obj\Debug\LolNexus.g.cs
C:\Users\Francisco\Desktop\LOL10MINUTES-SOURCE-master\LOL10MINUTES\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Francisco\Desktop\LOL10MINUTES-SOURCE-master\LOL10MINUTES\obj\Debug\preview.g.cs
C:\Users\Francisco\Desktop\LOL10MINUTES-SOURCE-master\LOL10MINUTES\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Francisco\Desktop\LOL10MINUTES-SOURCE-master\LOL10MINUTES\obj\Debug\LOL10MINUTES_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Francisco\Desktop\LOL10MINUTES-SOURCE-master\LOL10MINUTES\obj\Debug\LOL10MINUTES_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\Francisco\Desktop\LOL10MINUTES-SOURCE-master\LOL10MINUTES\bin\Debug\LOL10MINUTES.exe
C:\Users\Francisco\Desktop\LOL10MINUTES-SOURCE-master\LOL10MINUTES\bin\Debug\LOL10MINUTES.pdb
C:\Users\Francisco\Desktop\LOL10MINUTES-SOURCE-master\LOL10MINUTES\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
C:\Users\Francisco\Desktop\LOL10MINUTES-SOURCE-master\LOL10MINUTES\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Francisco\Desktop\LOL10MINUTES-SOURCE-master\LOL10MINUTES\bin\Debug\System.Json.dll
C:\Users\Francisco\Desktop\LOL10MINUTES-SOURCE-master\LOL10MINUTES\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
C:\Users\Francisco\Desktop\LOL10MINUTES-SOURCE-master\LOL10MINUTES\bin\Debug\Yunan.WPF.ImageAnim.dll
C:\Users\Francisco\Desktop\LOL10MINUTES-SOURCE-master\LOL10MINUTES\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
C:\Users\Francisco\Desktop\LOL10MINUTES-SOURCE-master\LOL10MINUTES\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Francisco\Desktop\LOL10MINUTES-SOURCE-master\LOL10MINUTES\bin\Debug\System.Json.xml
C:\Users\Francisco\Desktop\LOL10MINUTES-SOURCE-master\LOL10MINUTES\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\Francisco\Desktop\LOL10MINUTES-SOURCE-master\LOL10MINUTES\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\Francisco\Desktop\LOL10MINUTES-SOURCE-master\LOL10MINUTES\obj\Debug\preview.baml
C:\Users\Francisco\Desktop\LOL10MINUTES-SOURCE-master\LOL10MINUTES\obj\Debug\LOL10MINUTES.g.resources
C:\Users\Francisco\Desktop\LOL10MINUTES-SOURCE-master\LOL10MINUTES\obj\Debug\LOL10MINUTES.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Francisco\Desktop\LOL10MINUTES-SOURCE-master\LOL10MINUTES\obj\Debug\LOL10MINUTES.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Francisco\Documents\GitHub\LOL10MINUTES-SOURCE\LOL10MINUTES\bin\Debug\Gat.Controls.OpenDialog.dll
C:\Users\Francisco\Documents\GitHub\LOL10MINUTES-SOURCE\LOL10MINUTES\bin\Debug\Ookii.Dialogs.Wpf.dll
C:\Users\Francisco\Documents\GitHub\LOL10MINUTES-SOURCE\LOL10MINUTES\bin\Debug\Ookii.Dialogs.Wpf.xml
C:\Users\Francisco\Documents\GitHub\LOL10MINUTES-SOURCE\LOL10MINUTES\obj\Debug\Resources\Icons.baml
C:\Users\Francisco\Documents\GitHub\LOL10MINUTES-SOURCE\LOL10MINUTES\obj\Debug\Splash.baml
C:\Users\Francisco\Documents\GitHub\LOL10MINUTES-SOURCE\LOL10MINUTES\obj\Debug\Splash.g.cs
C:\Users\Francisco\Documents\GitHub\LOL10MINUTES-SOURCE\LOL10MINUTES\obj\Debug\Change cursor.baml
C:\Users\Francisco\Documents\GitHub\LOL10MINUTES-SOURCE\LOL10MINUTES\obj\Debug\Change cursor.g.cs
